// Summary of mini Pogress
In the first weeks of the CA project, my team created a WhatsApp group & we used it as a form of communication where we arranged meetings
to discuss what our project would be about, how many pages would be needed, and the aesthetic of the webpage. 
Once the idea was defined we assigned who would do each task. 

I choose to do page 2 which was the Crime Feed.  
I tried to start coding my page with an idea of what I wanted it to have but after almost one week I realized it was very hard for me to 
code without having a final visual mockup of how the webpage would look. 
So on the 4th of April I created a mockup using Miro of how I wanted it to look like, I sent it to my WhatsApp group and once I had approval
that they were okay with the way it was looking I finished the design  (image of final result on github "WireframingCrimeFeed.jpeg" )  
Link to Miro : 
https://miro.com/app/board/uXjVGnBRZ4g=/?share_link_id=630188462802  
(check history to see when I started and finished which was the 4 of April 2026. To do that click 3 dots board > history) 

The same day I sent the final output of design to my WhatsApp group. 

Then I started hard coding my code. 
The reason why I had to hard code first was because the database was assigned to one of my team members but it was not yet fully working 
so I decided to hardcode my webpage (hard coded version can be find if you go back to history and click to go back to that version)
My plan was first Front end app using hardcoded data, then to dynamic front end app that fetches data from a Supabase database.
 
Once I finished hard coding my webpage I pushed it on GitHub on the 14 of April.
Due to the code being updated to find previous hard coded version you will have to check on history if I find it I will push screenshot of history.

Once the data on supabase was working I coded again (dynamic front end ) 
I had issues with it at first as the webpage would come out blank (no data crime information was displaying)
Once everything was working/figured out, I Pushed it on GitHub. 

 
 

 
